{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Mission:  Already on front page\
\
\
Who we are\
We are a team of full-stack engineers with backgrounds in engineering, education, and marketing.  \
Our team comes equipped with skills in data interpretation, data organization, budget allocations, and master negotiating skills.  We are experts in designing curriculum to meet the CCSS.  We know how to measure improved outcomes in children\'92s learning, including how to display the data.  We are able to the scaffold math instruction so that it meets the diverse needs of students, \
\
Include 3 photos placed at bottom of page in round circle with our names underneath.\
\
Our method\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Borrowing from the world of sports and dance, we believe that the "math muscle," is a skill. In other words, as students get better and better at math they can learn to master math. \
\
The practical skills developed from math mastery include\
\'97construct logical arguments and expose illogical arguments\
\'97analytical thinking\
\'97quantitative reasoning\
\'97problem solving\
\'97communication\
\'97time-management\
\
We also believe that any student can become proficient in the four arithmetic operations.  Extra repetition may be needed for some students We have differing pathways for students on the traditional, accelerated, or additional support.  \
\
Testimonials\
TBD\
\
Contact Us\
put at bottom of front page in small letters?  }